feat(ui): expose select.pre_select_hook to override window retargeting (#578)
dmtrKovalenko/fff.nvim: README.md

  git = {
    status_text_color = false, -- true to color filenames by git status
  },
  select = {
    -- Return winid to open the chosen file in, or nil to open in the
    -- invoking window. Default retargets when the invoking window can't

>     -- host a file buffer (oil/:Ex/sidebars, non-modifiable, winfixbuf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- Return winid to open the chosen file in, or nil to open in the original window
```

Mix freely: `git:modified src/**/*.rs !src/**/mod.rs user controller`.

### Open in invoking window

> By default the picker retargets the open to a different window when invoked from a non-file buffer (oil, `:Ex`, sidebars). To force-open in whichever window invoked the picker — telescope-style `:edit <file>` semantics — return `nil` from `select.select_window`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default fff.nvim will try to open a file in the most suitable window, so any non-file buffers are not affected. You can customize or disable this by providing:
```
